# Comparison of Sentiment Analysis on Tesla using Social Media Data
I am Pothala sai surya, uploaded my code to git hub of my project submitted to coventry university

# Abstract
Sentiment Analysis is a branch of science which extracts people’s opinion from text. From previous research we understood that the sentiment from social media has the effect on stock market prices, sales, profits etc. Recently, the prices of Tesla have dropped down by more than 30% after the announcement of the closure of Twitter deal. This paper aims to understand the public opinion on Tesla before and after the purchase of Twitter by Elon Musk. It also compares the sentiment of users in Twitter and YouTube. With the result, this paper tries to analyse the relation between the fluctuations in stock price and the sentiment in social media after the major incident. To understand the sentiment, data has been extracted about Tesla from Twitter and YouTube comments. Sentiment Analysis has been performed using machine learning and deep learning models. Results show that the proportion of people with Negative sentiment are more before the twitter deal and the people with positive sentiment are more after the twitter deal. This result is not in correlation with the stock prices.

# Future Work
This work can be extended in many ways, like we can look at the other features from twitter data such as analysing the demographic information related to negative tweets, age related information and other features for our further analysis. There is also a scope for improvement in  hyperparameter tuning and trainable embeddings some of the algorithms. Some more research on the data collection strategy can also give better results on sentiment analysis without any bias. 
